---
layout: single
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
---

## This isn't real Pro10! It should be unlimited motors, as fast as possible!

We'd like to see *everything* these cars can do too, but we mainly need racers
in good **numbers**. Since Pro10 was last popular, technology has improved
greatly, and even within these limitations, we expect the racing to be just as
exciting.

The rules here should leave the cars fast enough to enjoy them and stretch
their legs, without coming home with destroyed cars!

## I have a 200mm World GT car, can I join the racing?

Yes! The rules only have a maximum width, just like in the days, which allows
all [sorts of
things](https://classicrc.wordpress.com/prototype-cars/associated-rc10l2-prototype/).
The rules have been designed to be as inclusive as possible. If it generally
looks like a 1/10 scale pan car, it's quite probably fine.

This means a car complying with the BRCA GT10 rules can be raced, or if you're
visiting from the Netherlands, you might just be a set of tyres away from
having a go with us!

## I really like boosted.

So do we, race with us!

## I prefer to keep it simple with blinky.

That's fine too, come race!

## I already have some 2S electronics, can I use them?

Absolutely, get that car on the track!

## All the rest of my kit is 1S, can I run that?

For sure, as long as you're joining the racing!

## How can all of this be allowed to race together?

Many different electronics combinations are allowed, which we understand can
provide different characteristics, but we try to keep them fairly similar over
a lap, a bit like the "Balance of Performance" in full scale racing. It is
understood that with such a "welcoming" set of rules, there might be advantages
to certain cars in some situations (much like in full scale Le Mans Prototype
racing!), but we aim to gather racers together for a fun time at the track!

## Why restrict tyres?

This is part of an effort to keep things a bit simpler, using easily available
tyres, and reducing how much kit is needed.

## What do you mean by "Lola" body shells?

We mean the ultra-high downforce body shells that originated in nitro-powered
racing, such as the [Blitz
TS02E](http://team-titan.com.tw/products_class101Link.php?code=60119-10). They
usually feature extra-high rear spoiler and fins, the latter often extending
very far forward, sometimes even to the front wings.

That does not mean that some "aggressive", high downforce body shells designed
for racing are not allowed. For example, the [Protoform
Swift-235](http://racepf.com/on-road-1-10-1-12/swift-235-regular-weight-clear-body/), [Corally
Porsche 962
(78222)](http://www.mix-rc.de/default.asp?ex=shop:produktedetail.asp&Artikel_id=
1730 97&kat_id=1027), and [Team Saxo
TS02070](http://www.saxoracing.com/productshow.asp?id=1806).

## Such loose rules can't work, people will cheat!

We're trying to keep it fun and simple, and not going to be crowning a national
champion. Scrutineering should be simple, mainly keeping an eye on the
motor/ESC/battery combination and minimum weight, which is already enough.
We're out to have fun, these are already very fast cars, cheaters are mainly
cheating themselves.

If the class becomes big and serious enough that further rules are needed, that
will be a *great* problem to have, and will be addressed at that time!

## This seems interesting, but I don't know...

If you're interested, but see something putting you off, let us know, and we'll
try to make it right. Once more, the focus is on **numbers**, we need **you**
for this to be good!
